>> Jen Kramer: So
we're on to our media queries, and
one of the things is that when
these images are so nice,
and they look really bad when we are at
750 pixels, when they get small.
So just to show you
what I'm talking about,
what I'm just gonna do here inside
of my 750 pixel media query,
let me just show you
what I'm talking about.
So if I say, project and I say,
grid template-columns,
1fr 1fr, and I have my screen
at 750 pixels, okay?
You'll see how small that image is,
I actually like the way that
image looks here better.
The images are really important
to this portfolio, and
I actually wanna keep them big for longer.
So one of the things that
I'm going to do here is,
write a different media query just for
the project section,
@media, min-width, 850 pixels.
>> Jen Kramer: Okay?
So now this image isn't
going to go to its smaller
side by side until I hit 850 pixels, okay?
So the the point of telling you
all of this is the following.
Just because you have
a breakpoint at 750 pixels,
does not mean that that is
necessarily the right break point for
everything in your design.
You are totally allowed to have
different break points for
different elements and
images that are there on your Webpage.
There's nothing wrong with that at all,
it doesn't actually cost you
anything in terms of performance,
media queries are really very
trivial in terms of performance.
And if the design is better,
why not do it?
So that's what we're going to do here.
And I will show you the rest
of the things that we're
going to put in here,
in my 850 pixel media query.
We'll need to make sure that
our text is aligned left,
we'll put that in our main style.
And let's see, what did I do for
my project, style before?
My project style before
had a gap of three realm,
I'm gonna keep that,
I'm not gonna change that, okay?
Then I'm going to add .project img.
And I'm going to say, grid-row auto,
so that'll flip these back around,
so that the image will wind up on
the right side, which is where we had
it in our original design here, so
they're now next to each other, right?
It doesn't take us a whole lot of
code in order to get what we want.
Now, the last part of this is,
these images down here, or,
sorry, these tags down here on
the bottom that show us our technology.
Right now those are aligned in the center,
so
we'll want to align them to
the left side of the page,
so this is gonna be .project ul, and
we're gonna say,
justify content, flex-start.
And that should push these over to
the left side of the page, okay?
And then, as you make your screen bigger,
those will flatten out into a single row,
okay?
>> Jen Kramer: And that's what it
will look like there on desktop,
pretty good, yeah, yeah.
And then when we go back
to a smaller screen size,
then they'll stack on top of each other.